Update installed compiler dependencies (#63630)
rust-lang/rust: README.md

> python x.py build
```

### Building rustc with older host toolchains

> between the below versions of the host toolchains the rustc build fails unless

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is still possible to build Rust with the older toolchain versions listed below, but only if the
```

Author: used between due to the upper version do not need the option to be set but was not that happy with that wording
shall I try to find the upper version the is not working and add them in the list below?

LLVM_TEMPORARILY_ALLOW_OLD_TOOLCHAIN option is set to true in the config.toml file

* Clang 3.1 - 3.5
* Apple Clang 3.1 - 6.0
* GCC 4.8 - 5.1
* Visual Studio 2015 (Update 3) - Visual Studio 2017

> with older versions then the above it is not possible to build rustc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toolchain versions older than what is listed above cannot be used to build rustc.
```
